Add walkthrough guide (#310)
HealthScreening/HealthScreeningBot: guides/walkthrough/page_1.md

**This is the complete walkthrough of the commands of the Health Screening Bot.**

> This bot is fairly simple and self-explanatory, but this guide serves as an complete walkthrough of the commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This bot is fairly simple and self-explanatory, but this guide serves as an complete walkthrough of the commands.
```

`Highlighted text` is a command name
- dashed text are command arguments.

> __**Automated Health Screening Commands**__:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

__**Automated Health Screening Commands**__:
```

> `/set_auto`: Sets the information used for the automated health screening.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`/set_auto`: Sets the information used for the automated health screening.
```

__Parameters__:
- **first_name**: Your first name.
- **last_name**: Your last name.
- **email**: Your email. (If you do not want to get emails from the bot, just set it to a fake email.)
- **vaccinated**: Whether or not you are vaccinated. This should be either __True__ or __False__.
- **ephemeral**: Whether or not to hide the content from everyone else. This is optional and should be either __True__ or __False__. This defaults to __True__.

`/generate_auto`: Generate a health screening using the information set with `/set_auto`.

> __Paremeters__:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Parameters__:
```

> **This is the complete walkthrough of the commands of the HealthScreening Bot.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This is the complete walkthrough of the commands of the Health Screening Bot.**
```

This bot is fairly simple and self-explanatory, but this guide serves as an complete walkthrough of the commands.

> `Highlighted text` is a command name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Highlighted text` is a command name.
```

> - dashed text are command arguments!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- dashed text are command arguments.
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> **Automated Health Screening Commands:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__**Automated Health Screening Commands**__:
```

> `set_auto` : Sets the information used for the automated health screening

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/set_auto`: Sets the information used for the automated health screening.
```

> Paremeters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Parameters__:
```

Reviewer: There was a typo, so I took the liberty of fixing it.

Author: Thank you

> - first_name : Your first name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **first_name**: Your first name.
```

> - last_name : Your last name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **last_name**: Your last name.
```

> - email : Your email 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **email**: Your email. (If you do not want to get emails from the bot, just set it to a fake email.)
```

> - vaccinated : Whether or not you are vaccinated. This should be either __True__ or __False__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **vaccinated**: Whether or not you are vaccinated. This should be either __True__ or __False__.
```

> - ephemeral : Whether or not to hide the content from everyone else. This is optional and should be either __True__ or __False__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ephemeral**: Whether or not to hide the content from everyone else. This is optional and should be either __True__ or __False__. This defaults to __True__.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> `generate_auto` : Generate an health screening using your information set with `set_auto`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/generate_auto`: Generate a health screening using the information set with `/set_auto`.
```

> Paremeters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Paremeters__:
```

> - ephemeral : Whether or not to hide the content from everyone else. This is optional and should be either __True__ or __False__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ephemeral**: Whether or not to hide the content from everyone else. This is optional and should be either __True__ or __False__. This defaults to __True__.
```
